randomoptgroup script command (#6655)
rathena/rathena: doc/script_commands.txt

---------------------------------------

*randomoptgroup <random option group ID>;

> This command fill the following arrays with the result of a random option group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command fills the following arrays with the results of a random option group.
```

The random option group IDs are specified in 'db/(pre-)re/item_randomopt_group.yml'.

Arrays - from index 0 to MAX_ITEM_RDM_OPT-1 :
.@opt_id[]                - array of random option ID.
.@opt_value[]             - array of value.
.@opt_param[]             - array of param.

Example:

> 	// Fill the arrays using the random option group ID 5 (group used for Crimson weapon).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// Fill the arrays using the random option group ID 5 (group used for Crimson weapons).
```
